Every month the Bureau of Labor Statistics calculates the Consumer Price Index (CPI) to understand the rate of inflation. They would collect the prices of individual commodities from a large number of stores all over the country, and calculate the average price of each unique commodity. The result is then compared with the previous month to estimate the rate of inflation.
In this exercise, you will write a function called average_prices that takes a collection of commodities and their prices, and returns a dictionary where the key of each entry is a unique commodity name from the input, and the value is the average price of that commodity. The input is given as a tuple, where each item is itself a 2-element tuple representing the name of the commodity and its price. For example: (('gouda cheese 1 lbs', 3.49), ('organic oyster mushroom 1 lbs', 6.89), ('toilet paper 1 roll', 3.99), ('apple juice 1 gallon', 7.99), ('gouda cheese 1 lbs', 4.29), ('toilet paper 1 roll', 4.19), ('talenti gelato vanilla', 5.59))
As you can see, it’s a tuple of tuples: the size of the top-level tuple is the number of collected commodities, and each item in the top-level tuple is a 2-element tuple of the commodity name and price. Specifically, your function should:
Take the input described above as the parameter. Assume all commodity names are lower-case.
Return a dictionary where the key of each entry is a unique commodity name (a string) from the input, and the value is the average price of that unique commodity. 
Do NOT ask the user for any input. Do NOT print anything in your function. Do NOT use nested loops as this exercise does NOT need nested loops.

Hint: there are several ways to implement this function. For example, you may create two dictionaries one storing the total price, and the other the total number of every unique commodity seen so far as you loop over the input. Then in the end you use the two dictionaries to calculate the average price of each unique commodity.

Alternatively, you may create one dictionary where the key of each entry is the name of a unique commodity, and the value is a list of the prices of that commodity. As you loop over the input, you can append a price to the list of its corresponding commodity in the dictionary. In the end you use this dictionary to calculate the average price of each unique commodity. 
